docs: add 12.6.0.GA blog post (#51)
tidev/tidev-www: posts/2024/sdk_12_6_0_ga.md

---
title: 'Titanium SDK 12.6.0.GA released'
date: '2024-12-12'
category: 'Release'
author: 'Hans Knöchel'
teaser: 'Gradle 8 Support'
image: https://tidev.io/images/titanium-general.png
---

![Titanium SDK 12.6.0.GA](/images/titanium-general.png)

The next version of the Titanium SDK is now is available: <b>12.6.0.GA</b>. Titanium SDK 12.6.0 is a minor
release of the SDK, adding new features and addressing potential bugs from previous releases.

This release adds stable support for Gradle 8, allowing to build even more modern apps using APIs like Material 3
(aka Material You). In addition, it includes some performance improvements for list views and other features like
native support for iOS 18+ dark mode app icons. Finally, we have added several new Ti.Calendar APIs to optimize

> creating and deleting calendar events with up to 150x (!) the speed compared to before.ql

Reviewer: Not sure what the `ql` at the end is.

```suggestion
creating and deleting calendar events with up to 150x (!) the speed compared to before.
```

**Important**: If you are using Android modules that were built with 12.6.0 or later in a project with a Titanium version prior to 12.6.0, you will see the following error:
```

> Unsupported class file major version 61as the module was build with JAVA_17 and the app is trying to build with JAVA_11

Reviewer: Missing space

```suggestion
Unsupported class file major version 61 as the module was build with JAVA_17 and the app is trying to build with JAVA_11
```
